OSDOCS-18372: DITA abstracts — KMM (#117165)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-running-depmod.adoc

= Running depmod

[role="_abstract"]

> It is recommended to run `depmod` at the end of the build process to generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files. This is especially useful if your kmod image contains several kernel modules and if one of the modules depends on another module.

Reviewer: Is `depmod` a tool? If it is...

```suggestion
Run the `depmod` tool at the end of the build process to generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files. This is useful if your kmod image contains several kernel modules and if one of the modules depends on another module.
```

Otherwise,

```suggestion
Run `depmod` at the end of the build process to generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files. This is useful if your kmod image contains several kernel modules and if one of the modules depends on another module.
```

Author: This sounds like a tool, but I think we use depmod utility in other linux docs.

= Running depmod

[role="_abstract"]
It is recommended to run `depmod` at the end of the build process to generate `modules.dep` and `.map` files. This is especially useful if your kmod image contains several kernel modules and if one of the modules depends on another module.

> This step is especially useful if your kmod image contains several kernel modules and if one of the modules depends on another module.

Reviewer 2: This was introduced, but Line 11 was untouched. Can you verify this should have been added?

Author: Delete error, I used the previous intro and didn't take this back out. Nice, catch!
